<h2>In this homework, you are going to work with spatial data - you will create some data, visualize it, do queries on it, and visualize the query results.</h2>
<br>1. You need to create (generate) latitude,longitude pairs (ie. spatial coordinates) for 9 locations. One of those will be where your home/apartment/dorm room is. The other eight would have to be spread out - at least 100 feet between adjacent locations (and at most 200 or 300 or even 400 feet between neighboring points)
<br>2. Now that you have 9 coordinates and their label strings, you are going to create a KML file (.kml format) out of them using a text editor. Specifically, each location will be a 'placemark' in your .kml file (with a label, and coords). Here is more detail. The .kml file with the 9 placemarks is going to be your starter file, for doing visualizations and queries.
<br>3.(a)compute the convex hull for your 9 points [a convex hull for a set of 2D points is the smallest convex polygon that contains the point set]. If you use Oracle, see this page; if you decide to use Postgres, read this and this instead. Use the query's result polygon's coords, to create a polygon in your .kml file (edit the .kml file, add relevant XML to specify the KML polygon's coords). Load this into Google Earth, visually verify that your 9 points are inside the convex hull, then take a screenshot. Note that even your data points happen to have a concave perimeter and/or happen to be self-intersecting, the convex hull, by definition, would be a tight, enclosing boundary (hull) that is a simple convex polygon. The convex hull is a very useful object - eg. see this discussion.. If you want to explore geometry algorithms (of which convex hull computation is one) in more detail, this is a great resource [thanks to Mark Debord (a student from a previous offering of the course) for the link].<br>(b) compute the three nearest neighbors of your home/apt/dormroom location [look up the spatial function to do this]. Use the query's results, to create three line segments in your .kml file: line(home,neighbor1), line(home,neighbor2), line(home,neighbor3). Verify this looks correct using Google Earth, take a snapshot.
<br>4. Using SGM 123 as the center, compute (don't use GPS!) a set (sequence) of lat-long (ie. spatial) co-ordinates that lie along a pretty Spirograph(TM) curve :) Create a new KML file with these points, visualize it on Google Earth, submit these three items: your point generation code (see below), the resulting .kml file ("spiro.kml") and a screenshot ("spiro.jpg" or "spiro.png"). 
